Release v1.0.0 (#3194)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: CHANGELOG.md

# v1.0.0 Release - 11/07/2019

🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉 

> After two years, we are extremely excited to release v1.0.0 of Skaffold that signals that Skaffold reached GA maturity!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are extremely excited to announce the first generally available release of Skaffold!
```

🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉 

> *Note*: This release also comes with a new config version `v1`.

Author: great catch! 
yes, we can add more about the fancy docs update, great point!

# v1.0.0 Release - 11/07/2019

🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉 
After two years, we are extremely excited to release v1.0.0 of Skaffold that signals that Skaffold reached GA maturity!
See [Skaffold Deprecation Policy](http://skaffold.dev/docs/references/deprecation/) for details on what GA means.
See [Feature Maturity](https://skaffold-latest.firebaseapp.com/docs/references/deprecation/#skaffold-features) to find out more on feature maturity.
🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉 

*Note*: This release also comes with a new config version `v1`.

>         To upgrade your `skaffold.yaml`, use `skaffold fix`. If you don't upgrade, skaffold will auto-upgrade in memory as best it can, and print a warning message.

Reviewer: ```
To upgrade your `skaffold.yaml`, use `skaffold fix`. If you don't upgrade, skaffold will auto-upgrade in memory as best it can, and print a warning message.
```
